it is that time of year here we go and
while some students are dreading going
back to class others can't wait to show
up their new back to school do some
people are some popular hairstyles
rather have girls wearing their hair a
little bit Messier this year the
stylists at Charles pen zone gave us a
look at the style and a few other big
hits ten TVs kareena noah takes us to
the salon is for young women and over
their locks to show a before and after
sixth grader megan miller wants to go
back to school with less less hair that
is she's going into the sixth grade and
we want something easy for her to take
care of Alexandra rodent else has long
hair too but she wants a style that will
let her keep her long strands the final
style is gonna be a little bit more
modern we're gonna bring her up with a
little bit of a swoop bang just to open
up her face a little bit more nine year
old Daniel rahimi has the natural curls
giving her stylist a bit of a challenge
I think Chloe hers great I mean it's
youthful it's very fun you get lots of
volume out of it and you play around
with it you can always kind of pull it
back if you want then and it just it
looks really nice too and Cheyenne
Joffrey is a sixth grader whose opting
for this year's popular messy look she's
a really fun style she's kind of a rock
and roll girl and then we are also doing
kind of a sling Bob but a little bit
more textured in the front so the
stylists work their magic highlighting
clipping and styling to show off this
year's hottest trends and the big reveal
here's Megan's before and the after a
much shorter sling Bob I like that it's
shorter and I'll be easier for me to get
ready and something that in the morning
next we show Alexandra's hair before the
cut and color and now I dance so I need
to be able to pull it back but it's
perfect length and how did Anya's curls
turn out full and fabulous according to
her I like it and finally our Rockstar
Cheyenne before and after I think I can
do more with it even if it's short for
different back to school looks that
these girls are ready to show off on
their first day back in class Karina
Nova 10tv News